docs: add project publish preview flag (#8184)
scalar/scalar: documentation/guides/docs/deployment/cli.md

Create a new project on the Scalar platform:

```bash
scalar project create --name "My Documentation" --slug your-docs
```

| Option   | Type     | Required | Description                     |
| -------- | -------- | -------- | ------------------------------- |
| `--name` | `string` | No       | Display name for your project   |
| `--slug` | `string` | No       | URL-friendly project identifier |

## Local Preview

Preview your documentation locally before publishing:

```bash
scalar project preview
```

## Preview Deployments

> Publish in preview mode (e.g. for staging) without going live:

Author: ```suggestion
Publish in preview mode (e.g. for pull requests) without going live:
```
